The paper is aimed towards comparing different consensus protocols with repect to their suitable use cases.
For this, they represents a systematic literature reviews of diffrent by accompanying a survey of blockchain technologies
and their current utilization in different application domains in the IT industry by describing some
previous and current consensus protocols of blockchain.

The paper starts with breif introduction to Blockchain basics and then transition directly
to Proof of Work mechanism. It argues that PoW is energy inefficient due to its
computational method. They argue that despite the enhanced versions of PoW being introduced,
there are other consensus protocols such as PoS and DPoS which are better suited to different uses cases.
Authors argue that they all are not perfect as they face different issues like 51% attack, Forking problem.
Later they introduce a concept of Block Maturity Standard which is sidechain/offchain methodology to solve these
problems.

The basic aim of this paper is to compare different protocols in blockchain and according to them there are 
around 41 consensus mechanism. 

In the next section, they argue that previous studies about similar aim were not perfect as they have not described
how they come to the conclusion i.e. the data analysis criteria. They make the bold claim
that PoW is not the best approach after their study.

Next, paper define the research methodology adopted to gather all the paper pertaining to consensus 
protocols.
They implemented systematic mapping process to gather data consisting of processes such as 
Analyzing Research scope
Finding relevent Key Words using abstract
After that, Research objectives and Research questions are mentioned. Through strategy of
search string strategy they gathered around 164,940 and reduced the number to 16 after implementing 
different exlusion and inclusion criteria.

They then presented the results of their research by introducing different consensus protocols 
Proof of Work
Proof of Stake
Delegated Proof Of Stake
Proof of Elapsed Time
Zero Knowledge Proof
Proof of Luck
Proof of Activity
Proof of Space
Proof of Vote
Proof of Burn
Proof of Importance 
Proof of Trust

The paper gives no in depth explanation of these protocols.

The whole aim was to compare them with PoW mechanism and find a property which can mitigate the
energy inefficient part of PoW.
They argue that there is nothing like *best protocol* rather it depends on the use case.
Furthermore, if some consensus protocol has no weaknesses that means it has not yet been implemented.

Finally, in conclusion, they give the verdict that PoW is not the best 
consensus mechanism rather proof of stake or delegated proof of stake is the best choice. 
Intersetingly paper did not give any explanations as to why this is the case.

